This directory contains source-code for examples and exercise
solutions from the book Learning Python 2nd Edition.

The examples directory is divided in chapter directories.  Within
each chapter subdirectory, source-code for smaller examples appears
in the "snippets.txt" file (cut and paste to use), and in individual
text files for larger examples.  The contents of the "snippets.txt" 
files are ordered sequentially, according to the order in the chapter;
locate snippets by their relative location in the chapter.

The exercises directory is organized as one subdirectory for each
exercises section in the book, containing one text file for every
numbered exercise solution that has a source-code solution, along
with supplemental python text files.

Note that some of the smaller code snippets, especially short 
interactive commands, have not been included in this distribution,
because it is usually simpler to transcribe these manually, than
to cut and paste from a text file.  However, most interactive 
listings have been included in the snippet.txt files; cut and paste
the commands from these listings (after the >>> prompts), to run.

Also note that these text files were prepared with MS-DOS (Windows) 
line terminator conventions.  If you have trouble viewing these
files on other platforms (e.g., if you see odd characters in your
Linux or Unix text editor), convert them to your platform's text file
format using your usual tools, or the Python converter scripts found
in the tools directory (see the README.txt there for details).  Those
Python scripts are taken from, and described further in, the book 
Programming Python 2nd Edition.

February, 2004
Mark Lutz  (http://www.rmi.net/~lutz)
